.\" Manpage for installer
.\" Contact chrisadr@gentoo.org to correct errors or typos.
.TH "INSTALLER" "1" "Dic 2017" "installer" "Installer"
.SH "NAME"
installer  \- Command\-line interface software to install Gentoo Linux


.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.TP
installer <\fIaction\fR> [\fIoptions\fR] ...


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBinstaller\fR is a prototype command-line interface designed
to aid users to install Gentoo Linux. \fBInstaller\fR provides
an interactive walkthrough on the installation process.
\fBInstaller\fR can also create a \fIstageX\fR tarball which
contains all the necessary information to migrate a system.


.SH "ACTIONS"

.TP
.BR beginner
Begins the installation and following the official Gentoo Handbook.

.TP
.BR generate
Generates a \fIstageX\fR tarball which contains a default
set of files that help in Gentoo migration process. These
files are configurations files that aid in new installations.


.SH "OPTIONS"

.TP
.BR "\-\-help (\fB\-h\fR)
Displays help information for installer. Adding one \fBACTION\fR
will provide specific help information about extra
[\fIargs\fR].
.PP
For example:
.PP
	installer beginner [--help | -h]

.TP
.BR "\-\-version (\fB-v\fR)
Displays version from installer.


.SH "ACTION'S OPTIONS"

.TP
.BR "\-\-step (\fB-s\fR)
Only available when <\fBaction\fR> is \fBbeginner\fR. Starts the
guide on a determined step of installation.

.TP
.BR "\-\-tui (\fB-t\fR)
Only available when <\fBaction\fR> is \fBbeginner\fR. Launchs 
installer's terminal user interface (experimental). A ncurses 
based walkthrough.

.TP
.BR "\-\-include-kernel (\fB-k\fR)
Only available when <\fBaction\fR> is \fBgenerate\fR. Includes
/usr/src directory in stageX tarball.

.SH "SEE ALSO"


.SH "BUGS"

.TP
If you find a bug in installer, please email to:
.PP
\fBchrisadr@gentoo.org\fR


.SH "AUTHOR"
.TP
Christohper Diaz Riveros <chrisadr@gentoo.org>
