.\" Manpage for stager
.\" Contact chrisadr@gentoo.org to correct errors or typos.
.TH "STAGER" "1" "Dic 2017" "stager" "Stager"
.SH "NAME"
stager  \- Command\-line interface to install Gentoo Linux


.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.TP
.BR stager
[\fIoptions\fR] <\fIaction\fR> [\fIargs\fR] ...


.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBstager\fR is a prototype command-line interface designed
to aid users to install Gentoo Linux. \fBStager\fR provides
an interactive walkthrough on the installation process.
\fBStager\fR can also create a \fIstageX\fR tarball which
contains all the necessary information to migrate a system.


.SH "ACTIONS"

.TP
.BR begin
Begins the installation and follows Gentoo Handbook on each
required step of installation.

.TP
.BR generate
Generates a \fIstageX\fR tarball which contains a default
set of files that help in Gentoo migration process.


.SH "OPTIONS"

.TP
.BR "\-\-help (\fB\-h\fR)
Displays help information for stager. Adding one \fBACTION\fR
will provide specific help information about extra
[\fIargs\fR].
.PP
For example:
.PP
	stager begin [--help | -h]

.TP
.BR "\-\-step (\fB-s\fR)
Only available when <\fBaction\fR> is \fBbegin\fR. Starts the
guide on a determined step of installation.

.TP
.BR "\-\-tui (\fB-t\fR)
Launchs stager's terminal user interface (experimental). A
ncurses based walkthrough.

.TP
.BR "\-\-version (\fB-v\fR)
Displays version from stager.

.SH "SEE ALSO"


.SH "BUGS"

.TP
If you find a bug in stager, please email to:
.PP
\fBchrisadr@gentoo.org\fR


.SH "AUTHOR"
.TP
Christohper Diaz Riveros <chrisadr@gentoo.org>
